You ONLY want to manage Applications and Data. Which type of Cloud Computing model should you use?
On-premises
Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)
Software as a Service (SaaS)
Platform as a Service (PaaS)*

What is the pricing model of Cloud Computing?
Discounts over time
Pay-as-you-go pricing*
Pay once a year
Flat-rate pricing

Which Global Infrastructure identity is composed of one or more discrete data centers with redundant power, networking, and connectivity, and are used to deploy infrastructure?
Edge Locations
Availability Zones*
Regions

Which are the 3 pricing fundamentals of the AWS Cloud?
Compute, Storage, and Data transfer in the AWS Cloud
Compute, Networking, and Data transfer out of the AWS Cloud
Compute, Storage, and Data transfer out the AWS Cloud*
Storage, Functions, and Data transfer in the AWS Cloud

Which of the following options is NOT a point of consideration when choosing an AWS Region?
Compliance with data governance
Latency
Capacity availability*
Pricing

AWS Regions are composed of?
Two or more Edge Locations
One or more discrete data centers
Three or more Availability Zones*

Which of the following services has a global scope?
EC2
IAM*
Lambda
Rekognition

What defines the distribution of responsibilities for security in the AWS Cloud?
AWS Pricing Fundamentals
The Shared Responsibility Model*
AWS Acceptable Use Policy
The AWS Management Console

A company would like to benefit from the advantages of the Public Cloud but would like to keep sensitive assets in its own infrastructure. Which deployment model should the company use?
Private Cloud
Public Cloud
Hybrid Cloud*

Which EC2 Purchasing Option can provide the biggest discount, but is not suitable for critical jobs or databases?
Reserved Instances
Convertible Instances
Dedicated Hosts
Spot Instances*

Which network security tool can you use to control traffic in and out of EC2 Instances?
Network Access Control List (NACL)
Identity and Management Access (IAM)
GuardDuty
Security Groups

How long can you reserve an EC2 Reserved Instance?
1 or 3 years*
2 or 4 years
6 months or 1 year
Anytime between 1 and 3 years

A company would like to deploy a high-performance computing (HPC) application on EC2. Which EC2 instance type should it choose?
Compute Optimized*
Storage Optimized
Memory Optimized
General Purpose

Which of the following is NOT an EC2 Instance Purchasing Option?
Spot Instances
Reserved Instances
On-demand Instances
Connect Instances*

Which EC2 Purchasing Option should you use for an application you plan on running on a server continuously for 1 year?
Reserved Instances*
Spot Instances
On-demand Instances
Convertible Instances

Under the Shared Responsibility Model, who is responsible for operating-system patches and updates on EC2 Instances?
The customer*
AWS
Both AWS and the customer

Which EC2 Storage would you use to create a shared network file system for your EC2 Instances?
EBS Volume
EC2 Instance Store
EBS Snapshots
EFS*

Which service can be used to automate image management processes?
AMI
EC2 Image Builder*
EBS Snapshots
IAM

Which of the following is a fully managed native Microsoft Windows file system?
EFS
FSx*
EBS

What are AMIs NOT used for?
Add your own software license
Add your own configuration
Add your own operating-system
Add your own IP addresses*

EBS Volumes CANNOT be attached to multiple EC2 instances at a time.
True*
False

An EBS Volume is a network drive you can attach to your instances while they run, so your instances' data persist even after their termination.
True*
False

Which statement is CORRECT regarding EC2 Instance Store?
It is not good to use as a disk to cache content
It has a better I/O performance, but the data is lost if the EC2 instance is terminated*
Your data is always safe with EC2 Instance Store

What is an EBS Snapshot?
The operating-system on an EC2 Instance
A backup of your EBS Volume at a point in time*
The amount of CPU and RAM of an EC2 Instance

Where can you find a third party's AMI so you can use it to launch your EC2 Instance?
Public AMIs
My own AMIs
AWS Marketplace AMIs*

What is an EBS Volume tied to?
A region
A data center
An edge location
An availability zone*

What is the main purpose of High Availability in the Cloud?
Increase scalability
Application thriving even in case of a disaster*
Access on computers and smartphones
Handle greater loads by launching EC2 instances based on the demand

Which AWS offered Load Balancer should you use to handle hundreds of thousands of connections with low latency?
Application Load Balancer
Network Load Balancer*
Elastic Load Balancer

Changing an EC2 Instance Type from a t3a.medium to a t3a.2xlarge is an example of?
Horizontal scaling
High Availability
Agility
Vertical scaling*

What can you use to handle quickly and automatically the changing load on your websites and applications by adding compute resources?
An Elastic Load Balancer
A bigger instance type
An Auto Scaling Group*
Health Checks on your EC2 Instances

Which of the following statements is INCORRECT regarding Auto Scaling Groups?
Replace unhealthy instances
Are cost-effective by running at optimal capacity
Automatically register new instances to a load balancer
Automatically changing the EC2 Instances Types*

Which Load Balancer is best suited for HTTP/HTTPS load balancing traffic?
Network Load Balancer
Classic Load Balancer
Elastic Load Balancer
Application Load Balancer*

Which of the following is NOT an Auto Scaling Strategy?
Manual Scaling
Dynamic Scaling
Active Scaling*
Predictive Scaling

Which AWS service offers easy horizontal scaling of compute capacity?
EBS
AMI
IAM
ASG*

Which of the following statements is NOT a feature of Load Balancers?
Do regular health checks to your instances
Spread load across multiple downstream instances
Handle failures of downstream instances
Back-end autoscaling*

Which S3 Storage Class is the most cost-effective for archiving data with no retrieval time requirement?
Amazon Glacier
Amazon Glacier Deep Archive*
Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access
Amazon S3 Intelligent Tiering

What hybrid AWS service is used to allow on-premises servers to seamlessly use the AWS Cloud at the storage layer?
Elastic Block Store
Snowball
S3
Storage Gateway*

Which of the following is an exabytes-scale data moving service in or out of AWS?
Snowcone
Snowball Edge
Snowmobile*

What are Objects NOT composed of?
Key
Value
Access Keys*
Metadata

Where are objects stored in Amazon S3?
Folders
Buckets*
Files
Bin

A research team deployed in a location with low-internet connection would like to move 5 TBs of data to the Cloud. Which service can it use?
Storage Gateway
Snowball Edge
Snowcone*
OpsHub

What can you use to define actions to move S3 objects between different storage classes?
Scaling Policy
Bucket Policies
Lifecycle Rules*
Replication

A non-profit organization needs to regularly transfer petabytes of data to the cloud and to have access to local computing capacity. Which service can help with this task?
Snowball Edge - Storage Optimized*
Snowball Edge - Compute Optimized
Snowcone
Snowmobile

Which S3 Storage Class is suitable for less frequently accessed data, but with rapid access when needed, while keeping a high durability and allowing an Availability Zone failure?
Amazon S3 Standard - General Purpose
Amazon Glacier
Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access
Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access*

You want to create a decentralized blockchain on AWS. Which AWS service would you use?
DocumentDB
QLDB
Managed Blockchain*
QuickSight

Which AWS database is a data warehouse?
DynamoDB
ElastiCache
Redshift*
RDS

Which AWS service is always serverless and has SQL capabilities?
RDS
Aurora
DynamoDB
Athena*

You would like to use a serverless service to prepare data so it can be loaded for analytics. Which service would you use?
Athena
RDS
Glue*
ElastiCache

Which relational database is a proprietary technology from AWS and is cloud-optimized?
DynamoDB
Oracle
Athena
Aurora*

You would like to migrate databases to AWS while still being able to use the database during the migration. What service allows you to do this?
Elastic Map Reduce (EMR)
Database Migration Service (DMS)*
AWS Storage Gateway
Snowball

How can you create Hadoop clusters to analyze and process a vast amount of data?
EMR*
Athena
EC2 Instances
Redshift

Which in-memory AWS database can you use to reduce the load off databases and has high performance, low latency?
Redshift
ElastiCache*
RDS
DynamoDB

What is the name of a central repository to store structural and operational metadata for data assets in AWS Glue?
Glue Data Table
Glue Data Dictionary
Glue Data Catalog*

Which of the following databases is a managed service with SQL capability suited for Online Transaction Processing (OLTP)?
DynamoDB
Redshift
RDS*
MySQL on EC2

Which AWS service is an immutable ledger database?
QLDB*
EMR
Managed Blockchain
Inspector

You would like to set up a NoSQL database that can scale with no downtime and can handle millions of requests per second. Which AWS database is best suited for this work?
DynamoDB*
RDS
Redshift
Athena

Which AWS service can create complex graphs for fraud detection?
Redshift
Neptune*
QLDB
Glue

Which AWS serverless service can use machine learning-powered business intelligence to create interactive dashboards such as business analytics?
QuickSight*
Aurora
Athena
ManagedBlockchain

A company would like to set up a fully managed MongoDB database. Which AWS database is best-suited for this task?
DocumentDB*
ElastiCache
RDS
Neptune

Which exclusive DynamoDB feature is an in-memory cache that can improve your performance up to 10x?
ElastiCache
Edge Locations
DynamoDB Accelerator*
Snowball Edge

RDS Multi-AZ deployments’ main purpose is high availability, while RDS Read replicas’ main purpose is scalability.
True*
False













